# Hospital Management System .

A hospital is planning to migrate its locally-available data and medical records into an API service. The
API service is meant to be available internally to all staff, and for official use only.

The requirements for the API service include:
1. An endpoint to add a new staff member to the service, a uuid is autogenerated for every staff
   member which will be required for subsequent API requests.
   Staff profile comprises: id, name, uuid, registration_date
2. An endpoint to update staff member profile
   (Requires validating staff uuid before access)
3. An endpoint to fetch all patient profiles (where there age up to 2 years old)
   The patient profile comprises: id, name, age, last_visit_date
   (Requires validating staff uuid before access)
4. An endpoint to download a specific patient’s profile into a CSV file
   (Requires validating staff uuid before access)
5. An endpoint to delete multiple patient profiles between a date range
   (Requires validating staff uuid before access)

Additional requirements include:
1. Database (use H2 or MySQL)
2. API service should be populated with some initial patient profile data (use SQL script or
   Liquibase) (Populate over a hundred mock/random patient profile data, you can use Mockaroo to
   generate some random data)
3. Two test cases are provided for any endpoint of your choice

Below are the basic instructions and breakdown on how the system will behave as stipulated in the test requirements.
All stipulated requirements where implemented.

## Testing, Execution of Unit and Integration Tests
The unit tests were written with the junit and mockito frameworks,
to execute the unit tests simply run "mvn clean package" or "mvn install" on the terminal and 
allow it to execute or you can navigate to the test package and execute the tests from there.

## Port
The application will run on port 8060

## Documentation
Postman documentation was used for this service, Find the link below.

https://www.getpostman.com/collections/3863beddfee20e7ef93b

Please reach out to me for any question or clarification (Chinonso Ikwueto Harrison).